[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
adventure film farm wars
the last druid spoiler ahead watch out
and take care
on a blue planet named anun they're live
guards
originally there are eight tribes
populated on that planet
one day their creator a goddess named
danang
disappears suddenly then the balance was
broken
and all the tribes fell into sudden
chaos they fought against each other in
a never-ending war for supremacy
because of that the planet was
devastated and the atmosphere was
severely destroyed
resulting in the extinction of many
small tribes the tribe druids
who work to convey words of anun's gods
were also wiped out from the planet
three tribes remain the briga contact
and the columba
the colomba dominates the sky with
massive mechanized air forces
the brigade tribe lives on the ground
and rules in military superiority
thanks to their high-tech weapons while
the contact tribe is struggling near
extinction
and forced to submit to the briga by
offering advanced information technology
to seek full control of the planet the
columba and the briga fight against
each other in a decisive battle whoever
wins will become the ruler of the planet
kharad 22 is the best pilot in the
columba someday the brigas frigate is
found attacking a contact airship
the commander finds it very unusual and
orders to capture the airship
harrah 22 receives the order and chases
it
during the battle riga's frigate fires
tons of missiles at the airship
kara karat22 intercepts the missiles
with her airship
the escaped capsule ejects after the
explosion
luckily the colombo rescue forces come
to help in time
the brigas frigate is destroyed at last
because karat 22 dies in the battle
for airship returns to the base
automatically the guards can become
reborn through cloning
and transfer the memory to the new body
karat 22 becomes kara 23 after rebirth
sometime later the interrogators find
out that in that airship were three
passengers
a ghoulia dog resembling a basset hound
a contact man named wide
and the last of the missing druids
considering that they might be related
to the disappearance of the creator
dinan
the officers order karat 23 to escort
them to the interrogation chamber
wide would like to thank kara 23 for
saving his life
but letting gula give her eternal
blessing but kara
leaves the cabin in advance when they
reach the destination
hula follows her and goes to her
sleeping hive
seeing several karas standing in front
of him bulla is not confused
he turns around and leads karat 23 out
during his interrogation wide tells the
colomba people
that he fled from the briga people
because the contact are enslaved
however he was sidelined by his people
therefore he decides to help the colomba
defeat the briga
to show his sincerity he also tells them
that druids have strong power
as long as the columba people grant
access to the data center
he will show the druid's power to the
colombia people the officer is tempted
and approves his requirement however as
his subordinate worried
as soon as he opens the access the
defense system is off wide takes the
chance
and kills all the officers meanwhile the
brigas strike force get on board
secretly
the captain divides the soldiers into
three groups
group one goes to the hive and kills all
the clones
group two takes care of the airship
hangar the captain skellig himself
leading group three to capture wide in
the druid
because the data center is shared by all
the columba people
after the chamber is destroyed the
command center is also attacked
the captain of the warship is killed
before he could activate the defense
system
the brigas air forces and ground forces
keep coming
though the columbus warship fights back
it is hit hard without a commander
as soon as karat 23 realizes that wyde
and the druid are captured
she chases after them in an airship the
columbus warship falls to the ground
after being hit several times
the warship is destroyed by the brigas
ground forces in the end
as the last survivor kara wants to hunt
down wide and the druid
but she is hit during the chase the
airship crashes
but karate doesn't stop she takes all
the weapons
and continues her chase on foot finally
she finds them on the beach
kara wants to kill the enemy however she
is no match for skellig
soon she is knocked down badly just when
skellig is about to kill kara
hula comes between them trying to stop
the killing
it's said that the guards can't kill the
people who are blessed by gula
therefore karas survives wide talks
about the history of the guarms
while they are resting with kara he
tells kara that all the guards share the
core memory
but they can't remember anything when
they were born all the technologies are
not created by the guards
they just know how to use technology to
run the world
as long as he can reach the source of
the druids knowledge and power
and access to the central terminal they
will be able to find out who
they are and the reason why the creator
da nan disappeared
hearing that kara decides to go there
with wide and solve the mystery
since skellig can't kill kara who is
blessed by gula
he has to make a deal with quran that
when they find out the answers
he will take wide and the druid back to
the command center
then wyatt and his companions continue
their journey to the land of the druids
in a tank
they meet lots of difficulties during
the journey the garms need clones to
prolong their life
even though they don't need to drink or
eat they need to inject mana
the life energy that sustains their
lives with the supplies getting less
skelet gets worried one night they are
resting in a desert
has a chat with skellig harrah says her
view towards the world has changed since
she received ghoula's blessing
only gula has natural reproductive
capacity
none of the garms remembers their
childhood they only know the present and
the future since they are created
they don't have the past they can only
live through cloning
begins to question the worth of the war
and is curious about the garm's past
after a hard journey a party finally
arrives at the land of the druids
which represents the beginning and the
end while they are passing through a
forest
unfortunately the tank breaks down
skellig has to stay behind it and repair
it
as wide karate and the druid continue to
find the destination
skellig gives kara the rest of mana
which moves kara a lot
without clones if they die by accident
they will never be able to reborn again
kara has to proceed with the utmost
caution during their exploration
white accidentally activates the druid's
defense systems and awakens giant
robotic defenders
who charge at them immediately harrah's
weapon can't do any harm to the
defenders
thankfully skelet comes to the rescue
with the tank carragh gets a break from
the fierce fight
with wide's guidance they managed to cut
off the cable behind the defenders
and defeat them however more defenders
come up from underground
skelet's tank is also destroyed in order
to protect karate
skellig chooses to sacrifice himself
thanks to that
massive explosion kills all the
defenders after waking up
kara is sat over skellig's death the
group finally arrives at the source of
the druid's knowledge and power
while the druid is accessing the
terminal white is expecting his answer
to his surprise the druid suddenly
attacks him
it turns out that the druid is nothing
but a shell taken by nassaian
who claims to be the messenger of the
creator danan she takes advantage of
wide's curiosity towards their origin
and leads him here using him to access
the terminal and activate the giant
defenders
who are sleeping underground because the
comtax brain can access the garm's core
network
nascion plans to use wide to delete all
the garm's core memory
luckily karat comes in time and destroys
her mechanical body
but nasayan has already taken off wide's
consciousness
carra has no choice but to nail wide's
body on the tree
and tries to get all the answers from
her nasa and doesn't seem to be annoyed
as she has got what she wants
she tells kara all the truth at very
beginning
there was no life on the planet anu the
garms was created by some aliens
they shared all the knowledge and
technology with the garms and divided
the garms into eight tribes depending on
their abilities
the garm soon wanted to take control of
the world the creators were disappointed
and abandoned the guards
they also limit the garm's ability to
create so that the garms would never
evolve into a higher civilization
the creators have begun an experiment on
another nearest planet
in order to prevent the garm's
interference to the experiment
the creators have decided to send nasa
in to destroy the planet anu
knowing all the truth karat kills white
afterward
but nasayan has already transferred her
consciousness to the terminal
khara falls into a state of sorrow in
the final scene
a gigantic robotic army rise and are
ready to attack the creatures on the
planet anu
facing the intrusion the remaining
tribes finally abandoned their endless
war
to unite against the common enemy they
gather all their forces
preparing to defend against the robotic
army's attacks
a new age of heavy warfare between the
garms and nasa and on the planet anun
has begun this is daniel cc movie
channel
peace out